oh oh my god all right hi guys I strife
it's lying so I'm supposed to be
covering van jam today is the
knuckleheads like jam in artesia but i'm
just so sick like I can't even get out
of my bed right now so I decided I'm
gonna ask my sisters who do it for me I
think she's gonna be good I mean we're
sisters it should be fine so um you're
gonna see van jam with my sister today
bear with her give her some slack but it
should be good all right peace out
strife today we are in artesia and we
see some break dancing today at a job
John club and jam yeah then jam okay so
we go see practicing now okay go
okay do you know about nothing cameras
no no can you show me by dancing hi I
find the damn bingo I think it wrong
damn know it's like when you dance ok I
think I find the jam
okay i'm here with people I tom okay Tom
you guys spoke to one today I want to
try okay well you know what too bad cuz
no smoking so how it feels to lose force
around well it felt really good actually
I honestly thought that uh the other
guys were flopping but it should have
been at a time so how tight is your math
on right now well actually probably very
tight because you think losing is good
what's wrong with you ok so I here with
your brother ok so so your opponent is
hella hung how hung are you very home
there is very very huh so you have p.m.
hat I'm the gym you go what corner what
was that ok hi so I hear like it rain in
ok so how long you been dance you know
I've been dancing for about 15 16 years
you know um you know cuz the Philippines
we just do our thing you know I'm an isa
been doing it for a long time and have a
good time so you know ok so how long you
in u.s. oh thank you very much man he
died right now I grass
okay so why you guys battle naked why
have you hurt your cow maker tell megas
okay like stone kids ain't for me so
okay I here with Mike the kill right the
kill are you sick no I'm pretty healthy
actually okay so what do you care the
world how it feel to be really famous
but no one know your face right it's
kind of hard because um cuz when i go to
my mind my uncle's house my auntie's
house they are they like look at this
double you know the couch these guys
discuss her are bangus is a bad guys and
it's me i know but i don't know what to
do so i'm just like looking at them like
i don't know who these guys are I know
you know and that's it all the lumpia
that's all I'm gonna do at my house but
um you know it's what ever seen a nice
what ever stood so how does it feel to
be tallest man in the world it was
pretty invigorating tallest b-boy the
world straight up so when it rain you
can tell people that is raining buzz
buzz I don't know if it's raining
fuzzbutt raining first is raining foot x
rated first we do have a say know why
people know of course he'll save time
that's a lot of money on losing okay so
i hear what people I squid so how it
feels to eat up little kids now you p
buggy brat right yeah you know little
kid you take that candy too no no
sometimes you don't say sometimes they
deserve it sometimes you gotta take a
little kids candy okay so how you
feeling you feel bad I feel good feel
good you beat up kid a lot all the time
that's it what am I going in on that
note oh my god seriously that was
horrible honestly what what what were
you thinking hey what you say go to a
bed ask for Stan that's what I do do you
like to beat up children do you like to
beat up children i call it like I see it
he beat the kid I asked him why he beat
the kid he's gonna get so in trouble
with life child services like rethinking
whatever you don't like needles nuff